all right anime lover 4-3-3 here and
Thomas a and we are here with something
adorable and home we found kittens are
rather we knew stray had kittens in the
neighborhood so we told the neighbors to
watch for them my favorite one is these
dazzle she adorable
whoa jump don't jump don't jump I'm
having a Miku we play hiding behind the
bricks Miku Miku the reason we are
wearing gloves is because well they're
kittens we don't know what they might
have either stray that too and they're
two others who are lazy and do not want
to come down
there's Landon and he's the creamy
orange one Tama theis is orange and I
say cream we'll figure out who's right
when he's older and then there's the
other calico who we did not name because
we're lazy just looking at the ground
kicki that's pretty well anyways they're
adorable and they're gonna get adopted
soon
how could you not love love this
adorable side to belief they're adorable
little kitten adorable kittens a very
adorable kitten with a very adorable mu
these Snapple has a heart on their best
okay you think that looks like a heart
well if the fur is like parted right but
otherwise it's kind of a triangle me -
you're so playful
toy familiar yeah their kitten sans
Sarah door oh yeah well anyways don't
abandon cats go adopt one don't abandon
dogs either so in other words don't
abandon your pets because and kidneys
are adorable but seriously get your cat
spayed
because kittens are bad even if they're
cute okay I'm going to take one last
glance it's what happened to land
oh my gosh oh there he is well as
adorable as he is I only have so much
video and memory left because I took a
crapload of videos earlier and I never
deleted them
so goodbye from adorable kitten lovers